OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-filtering-fbc.adoc

[id="olm-filtering-fbc_{context}"]
= Updating or filtering a file-based catalog image

[role="_abstract"]

> To add, remove, or update packages in a file-based Operator catalog for {product-title}, you can extract catalog contents with the `opm` CLI, edit the metadata, and rebuild the catalog image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `opm` CLI to update or filter a catalog image that uses the file-based catalog format. By extracting the contents of an existing catalog image, you can modify the catalog and edit the metadata. For example, you can add, remove, or update packages. You can also detail deprecation messages per package, channel, and bundle

After you complete the changes, you can rebuild the image as an updated version of the catalog.
```
